Update alma9 documentation following recent updates (#25)
swan-cern/help: docs/alma9.md

# AlmaLinux 9 and JupyterLab

> SWAN offers an AlmaLinux9 user image, which users can select when starting their sessions. This is in the context of the migration away from CentOS7, which reached its [end of life](https://cern.service-now.com/service-portal?id=outage&n=OTG0145248) in June 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SWAN offers an AlmaLinux9 user image, which is now selected as default when users start their sessions. This is in the context of the migration away from CentOS7, which reached its [end of life](https://cern.service-now.com/service-portal?id=outage&n=OTG0145248) in June 2024.
```

if you also wish to use the new JupyterLab interface, please tick the field at the top of the form that says "Try the new JupyterLab interface (experimental)".

This image integrates with all of the SWAN existing features, including access to GPUs, Spark clusters and HTCondor.

## New features

- The JupyterLab UI gives more flexibility regarding the location of notebooks. While the classic UI enforces the creation of Projects, which contain notebooks and other files, JupyterLab users can work with any folder in their CERNBox.
- In JupyterLab-Alma9, interactive analysis on HTCondor resources is supported via [Dask](https://www.dask.org/) and its [lab extension](https://github.com/dask/dask-labextension). More documentation on this topic is coming soon!

## Current limitations

- The Spark clusters are not accessible from the SWAN Alma9 image at the moment. During 2024, the SWAN and the Hadoop services at CERN will coordinate to migrate to Alma9, so that SWAN Alma9 clients can submit Spark jobs to the migrated Hadoop/Spark clusters.

> - The CERNBox sharing functionality available in the classic SWAN UI with CentOS7 is not yet available in Alma9 with JupyterLab. The SWAN team is working on providing a JupyterLab extension that allows to share notebooks / folders from SWAN via CERNBox.

Reviewer: Sharing is still not available in JupyterLab.

Reviewer: It is available on Alma9 with the classic UI.

Author: Fixed
